This is a text file in the public folder. 

Put your text files in this directory and then specify their paths in src/utils/api.tsx! 

Here's some sample text: 

A barometric low hung over the Atlantic. It moved eastward toward a 
high-pressure area over Russia without as yet showing any inclina- 
tion to bypass this high in a northerly direction. The isotherms and 
isotheres were functioning as they should. The air temperature was 
appropriate relative to the annual mean temperature and to the ape- 
riodic monthly fluctuations of the temperature. The rising and set- 
ting of the sun, the moon, the phases of the moon, of Venus, of the 
rings of Saturn, and many other significant phenomena were all in 
accordance with the forecasts in the astronomical yearbooks. The 
water vapor in the air was at its maximal state of tension, while the 
humidity was minimal. In a word that characterizes‘the facts fairly 
accurately, even if it is a bit old-fashioned: It was a fine day in August 
1913. 
 
I am seated in an office, surrounded by heads and bodies. My posture is consciously 
congruent to the shape of my hard chair. This is a cold room in University 
Administration, wood-walled. Remington-hung, double-windowed against the 
November heat, insulated from Administrative sounds by the reception area outside, at 
which Uncle Charles, Mr. deLint and I were lately received. 
 
This book is largely concerned with Hobbits, and from its pages a 
reader may discover much of their character and a little of their 
history. Further information will also be found in the selection from 
the Red Book of Westmarch that has already been published, under 
the title of The Hobbit. That story was derived from the earlier chap- 
ters of the Red Book, composed by Bilbo himself, the first Hobbit 
to become famous in the world at large, and called by him There and 
Back Again, since they told of his journey into the East and his return: 
an adventure which later involved all the Hobbits in the great events 
of that Age that are here related. 
 
For a long time I used to go to bed early. Sometimes, when I had put out my 
candle, my eyes would close so quickly that I had not even time to say “I’m 
going to sleep.” And half an hour later the thought that it was time to go to sleep 
would awaken me; I would try to put away the book which, I imagined, was still 
in my hands, and to blow out the light; I had been thinking all the time, while I 
was asleep, of what I had just been reading, but my thoughts had run into a 
channel of their own, until I myself seemed actually to have become the subject 
of my book: a church, a quartet, the rivalry between Francois I and Charles V. 
This impression would persist for some moments after I was awake; it did not 
disturb my mind, but it lay like scales upon my eyes and prevented them from 
registering the fact that the candle was no longer burning. Then it would begin to 
seem unintelligible, as the thoughts of a former existence must be to a 
reincarnate spirit; the subject of my book would separate itself from me, leaving 
me free to choose whether I would form part of it or no; and at the same time my 
sight would return and I would be astonished to find myself in a state of 
darkness, pleasant and restful enough for the eyes, and even more, perhaps, for 
my mind, to which it appeared incomprehensible, without a cause, a matter dark 
indeed. 
 